[Excel] (Range) Reorganize Range articles to improve discoverability and usability (#2582)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/excel-add-ins-ranges-set-get.md

---

> title: Set and get ranges using the Excel JavaScript API

Reviewer: This article is about getting and setting the selected range, so the title (and other bits) so reflect that.
```suggestion
# Set and get the selected range using the Excel JavaScript API
```

> description: 'Learn how to use the Excel JavaScript API to set and get ranges using.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Learn how to use the Excel JavaScript API to set and get ranges using the Excel JavaScript API.'
```
